So far we learned a lot about routing but all our routes were fairly static,
we didn't have any dynamic pieces in these routes.
If we have a look at this especially for the user, it would make sense that we want to pass an ID in
the URL, in our path here,
so that we visit
let's say user/10 and then we load this or we are able to use this ID on the component which
gets loaded,
well let's have a look at passing such IDs in this module or in this video. To pass any dynamic piece
or segment in your path,
you simply add it
but then with a colon in front of it and then a name of your choice, for example ID, it will be this name
by which you able to later retrieve it.
This will now tell the router that the user component should be loaded whenever you visit user/
something where something will be interpreted as the ID.
You can also make this more complex and I'll come back to this by adding for example /details thereafter,
it's simply a flexible element you embed in your URL.
Now with that added, I'll go to my header and right now, user doesn't really pass this ID here, so
I'll simulate it by hardcoding
10 in here, we'll change this in the future. If I do it like this and I now reload the page and click
on user, you see the URL now is user 10
and we still load the user page because it does match this path.
If I remove 10 here, it doesn't work because that doesn't work anymore, that doesn't exist anymore,
our path leading to user component is user
and then something dynamic, like the 10 here. Now with that we're passing this, now since it is dynamic, it would
also make sense that we're able to retrieve it dynamically,
so let's have a look at this now.